
Specification
Component: IEcoSocketP02
Status: Draft
Date: November 8, 2021
Version: 1.0




Overview
This document describes the requirements for the implementation of the Eco.SocketP02 component.
Introduction
Description.

Note
Keywords

Links
This paragraph contains links to information to help you understand this document: 
[] – name of the link
Available by: http://address

 Eco. SocketP02 Component

The Eco.SocketP02 component 
The component has the following description:
 IEcoSocketP02 Interface

 IEcoSocketP02 IDL



accept function

The function allows an incoming socket connection attempt.
bind function

The function associates a local address with a socket.
connect function

The function establishes a connection to the specified socket.
getpeername function

The function retrieves the address of the peer node to which the socket is connected.
getsockname function

The function retrieves the local name of the socket.
getsockopt function

The function retrieves the socket parameter.
listen function

The function places the socket in a state in which it is listening for an incoming connection.
recv function

The function receives data from a connected socket or a linked socket without establishing a connection.
recvfrom function

The function receives the datagram and stores the source address.

recvmsg function

The function receives messages on a socket with a socket descriptor and stores them in an array of message headers.
recvmmsg function
		
Функция 
send function

The function sends data to the connected socket.
sendto function

The function sends data to a specific destination.
sendmsg function

The function sends messages to the socket.
sendmmsg function

The function sends multiple messages to a socket.
setsockopt function

The function sets the socket parameter.
shutdown function

The function disables sending or receiving data on the socket.
sockatmark function

The function determines if the socket has an out-of-band data marker.
socket function

The function creates an endpoint for communication and returns a file descriptor for the socket.
socketpair function

The function gets a pair of sockets of the specified type, which have no name and are connected in the specified domain and use the specified protocol.

 IEcoINetP02 Interface

IEcoINetP02 IDL



htonl function

The function returns the value in TCP/IP's network byte order.
htons function

The function returns the value in TCP/IP network byte order.
ntohl function

The function converts u_long from TCP/IP network byte order to host byte order.
ntohs function

The function converts u_short from TCP/IP network byte order to host byte order.
inet_addr function

The function converts a string containing a decimal IPv4 address with dots into a valid address for the IN_ADDR structure.
inet_ntoa function

The function converts an Internet address (Ipv4) to an ASCII string in standard Internet decimal format.
inet_ntop function

The function converts an IPv4 or IPv6 Internet address to a string in standard Internet format.
inet_pton function

The function converts an IPv4 or IPv6 network address in the standard text representation form to a numeric binary form.

 Error codes

The following table contains the error codes.



Appendix A: Training programs


